.TH INSTACART-ORDER-HISTORY 1 "January 2026" "1.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
instacart-order-history-fetch \- fetch Instacart order history
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B instacart-order-history-fetch
.RB \-\-isid
.IR SESSION_ID
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B instacart-order-history-fetch
gets your Instacart order history with full item details to JSON, CSV, or
plain text. The tool uses only Python standard library with no external
dependencies.
.PP
Progress is displayed to stderr as pages are fetched. Use \fB\-q\fR for quiet mode.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-isid ", " \-\-instacart\-session\-id " " \fISESSION_ID\fR
Your _instacart_session_id cookie value (required). Get this from your browser's
DevTools under Application > Cookies > _instacart_session_id.
.TP
.BR \-\-since " " \fIDATE\fR
Fetch orders since DATE (YYYY-MM-DD format).
.TP
.BR \-\-months " " \fIN\fR
Fetch orders from the last N months.
.TP
.BR \-\-days " " \fIN\fR
Fetch orders from the last N days.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-format " " \fIFORMAT\fR
Output format: json (default), csv, or text.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output " " \fIFILE\fR
Write output to FILE instead of stdout.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Suppress progress output.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message and exit.
.SH EXAMPLES
Fetch all orders to JSON:
.PP
.RS
instacart-order-history-fetch \-\-isid "YOUR_SESSION_ID"
.RE
.PP
Fetch last 6 months to CSV:
.PP
.RS
instacart-order-history-fetch \-\-isid "YOUR_SESSION_ID" \-\-months 6 \-f csv
.RE
.PP
Fetch to file quietly:
.PP
.RS
instacart-order-history-fetch \-\-isid "YOUR_SESSION_ID" \-o orders.json \-q
.RE
.PP
Fetch since specific date:
.PP
.RS
instacart-order-history-fetch \-\-isid "YOUR_SESSION_ID" \-\-since 2024-01-01
.RE
.SH OUTPUT FORMATS
.TP
.B json
Array of order objects with nested deliveries and items. Default format.
.TP
.B csv
Flat CSV with columns: order_id, order_date, order_total, retailer, item_name,
quantity, size, product_id.
.TP
.B text
Human-readable summary with totals and itemized orders.
.SH AUTHENTICATION
.B instacart-order-history-fetch
requires your Instacart session cookie for authentication.
.PP
To get the session ID:
.IP 1. 4
Log into instacart.com in your browser
.IP 2. 4
Open DevTools (Cmd+Option+I on macOS, F12 on Windows/Linux)
.IP 3. 4
Go to Application > Cookies > www.instacart.com
.IP 4. 4
Copy the value of _instacart_session_id
.PP
Session cookies expire. Get a fresh cookie if you see authentication errors.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success
.TP
.B 1
Error (invalid session, no orders found, network error)
.SH AUTHOR
Mike Vincent, Los Angeles
.br
https://www.mikevincent.dev
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR curl (1),
.BR jq (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Mike Vincent. All rights reserved.
.br
MIT License.
